                                                            Collections & Generics

Difference between arrays and collections:

1: The size of array is fixed but collections size increase or decrease at run time.
2:  Arrays are fast but collections are quite slow.
3:  In array we will specified data types so we can store only one type of data but in collection we can store all of type of data simultaneously.
4.One problem with collections is it is not work with index number.

Basically collections are of three types
1.collection: Basically this is a concept. this like this is a collection of elements.
2.Collection : Interface
3. Collections : it is a class.

 Syntax for the collection:
                                 Collection values= new Arraylist();
                                  Here the Collection is interface and we does not create object of any interface.so we will apply arraylist.
ArrayList: here Arraylist is the list which indirectly apply collections. Hierarchy  will be
                                                                   Collections (Interface)
                                                                         |
                                                                      List( 
                                                                        |
                                                                      Arraylist(class which implements list and list extends collections)




                                                                     Generics

In Generics we will only specify the the sepecific data type.
                                                           Collection<Integer> values= new Arraylist<>();
                 here we have problem that we are not specify the index number. so here instead of collection we will use List(which extends 
               Collections have some extra features) or set.



Agar hum generics(specify karna ki data hai kis type ka) use nii karenge to indexing possible nii ho paayegi collection ke sath 
kuki usme bahut se data types honge.

                              

